this is a special time of year this is
the time of year when we offer people
walking by our studio the full
opportunity of a lifetime the chance to
take their clothes off on national
television it's we've got a pool in the
back of our theater we've got a panel of
celebrity judges and memories are just
waiting to be made this is the 14th
summer we fourteen years ago a
mysterious voice told me if you build it
they will flop and we did and they do so
let's go to cousin Sal out on Hollywood
Boulevard in that immediate or hello Sal
let's go by the way his own show now on
foxsports1 called lock it in it's a
sports gambling show that's right
ere new season season 2 starts Monday
congratulations on thanks thank you I'll
probably can't between now and then
thank you for your gambling problem
really paid off in a big so have you
found someone on the street we can bet
on I have let's bet on some bellies come
on right all right here we go all right
Eric Eric were you from Minneapolis and
what do you do for work I need Human
Resources okay so people coming in they
complain about their jobs and you
complain to them about things they've
said about other people and done pretty
much but right now I you know help them
find the door sometimes - okay good well
it's time to cut loose I know you have a
stressful job and have you belly flopped
before yes but not on TV okay what do
you have for lunch today a chicken
sandwich okay great all right maybe
we'll get to see that too so come on
through Eric and yeah we'll get you
going we'll get you dressed and for
undress
let's see what we have out there we
can't have if it's just Eric it won't be
much of a competition hello hi what's
your name Courtney Courtney were you
from Houston Texas Houston what do you
do for work Courtney I'm a manager at a
tanning salon you're a manager a tanning
salon you seem very fair-skinned I'm a
very good before and after of spray tans
I see okay and what's that's gotta be a
weird job huh it is it's it's you see a
lot of interesting people I bet you see
a lot of interesting parts of a lot of
interesting people - all right well go
on - come on through and we'll get you
up on the board and we'll get Eric and
Courtney
[Music]
[Applause]
we have pre-owned bathing suits for you
to wear don't worry about lice
we got bellies to flop here in Hollywood
all right it's time it's time now for
our 14th annual summer pedestrian belly
flop she is an actor comedian writer and
host of the reality baking competition
nailed it on Netflix Nicole
[Applause]
oh thanks for having me I love doing the
real treat I can'twe it's gonna be great
Nicole what in your opinion makes a
great belly flop well usually I like a
big fatty who just takes a big leap it
makes a very big splash I love it at all
I like the way you think next up a
three-time Olympic gold medalist he is
currently training training for the
world parks skateboarding championship a
true American Hero Mr Shaun White oh
thanks for having me
good to see you yeah are you prepared to
give the winner one of your gold medals
yes yes Wow look at John holy things for
anything padded plop in the anchor
position she is a musician comedian
cosmetics entrepreneur and winner of
RuPaul's Drag Race all-stars Trixie
Mattel election
that makeup is spectacular are you at
all worried about being in the splash
zone um this isn't my first time getting
wet on this show Jimmy I think you would
know that okay all right good and is
that waterproof are we in danger of
streaking in my line of business we
always do waterproof wonderful Thank You
Trixie all right our first flopper is
ready to go and that is Eric hello Eric
how you feel and Eric I'm feeling good
Jimmy just moments ago yet clothes on
and now you do not
I still got something on all right so on
my count let it have it all right three
two one belly there you go I like Eric
style okay let's take a look at the
slow-motion instant replay here you see
Eric went for the mummy type approach he
just kind of fell into the water let's
go to the judges now for their scores
judges nações drowning the cool you look
like you got hit last June I mean I
[Applause]
you are moist as well what is yeah gone
I went ten my ten to a possibly perfect
score Trixie what do you say the splash
was incredible I felt like Daryl Hannah
in splash although you splashed a drag
queen in the face which is homophobic so
you get a nice well what do you say Eric
what is going on in twenty nine that's
almost impossible to beat it's a good
score Oh anyway he's bleeding Jimmy that
should add a point right there oh you
think you get an extra but how did you
wind up bleeding I don't know okay all
right let's get him in an ambulance and
go to our next whopper this is how we
should decide the Democratic nominee for
president by the way yes all right
Courtney how are you I'm good how are
you I'm doing well thank you very much
now Courtney you don't have much of a
belly to flop with do you I don't I'm so
sorry did the judges take that into
account your handicap your obvious
handicap well hopefully I'll get some
you know brownie points for not having
one a little cushion I would hope so all
right are you ready to do this I step
around the microphone and I'll count you
down three two one
belly flop all right let's look at that
in slow motion again before we get our
scores and here is yes Courtney is slow
mojo who she didn't quite get flat over
the water which is really what you want
in this situation Nicole what do you say
it was nice it was very very pretty but
it wasn't a big splash very generous
ball very generous Shaun oh I thought it
was great she had the distance the
intensity but I went with a 9 finally
Trixie you say well she's very thin
she's very blunt and beautiful reminds
me somebody I know obviously there
wasn't quite enough belly maybe next
time experiment with the pregnancy so
7:40 the judges have spoken and I
believe what you got a 24 ok you take it
alright well you really have no choice
but to take it so take this to give it
to you all right I'll have some more
flopping as the show continues thank you
very much Courtney
[Applause]
[Music]
we have a last-minute addition to our
pedestrian belly-flop competition none
other than henry winkler's looks you
look good in red are you ready to do
this Henry's a little bit hard to hear
you with us with the snorkel in your
mouth but Henry to increase the level of
difficulty we have decided to add an
obstacle to the pool on your way to your
belly flop do you think you can jump
over this shark that will be the third
time I've ever done that Jim all right
well that's enough time what was the
second time just that on Arrested
Development I jumped over the shark on
the dot oh that's right all right well
this one there's nothing to worry about
I think it's a lemon shark all right are
you ready Andrew I am sir let's see what
you got three M crazy too
[Music]
here comes Henry with the flop
[Applause]
and there he goes
jump the shark for sure let's let's
let's go to the judges now to see their
scores oh my goodness Wow is it an 11
Shawn unprecedented 31 I am I'm so proud
and I have done it for all short people
in the world
congratulations heavyweight hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel and this is the Internet
I made it myself hit subscribe if you
like it